update paragraph on revenue sources, rm details (#1335)
carpentries/carpentries.org: pages/about.md

#### How is The Carpentries Funded?

> The Carpentries revenue sources include [membership fees]({{site.url}}/membership), [grants and donations]({{site.url}}/grants), Workshops and Instructor Training fees, sponsorships, and individual donations. These income streams support the work of the Core Team, workshop & lesson infrastructure, CarpentryCon, and our continued work towards The Carpentries mission. The Carpentries [Financial Reports]({{site.url/reports}}) provide more inforation about our annual income and expenditures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Carpentries revenue sources include [membership fees]({{site.url}}/membership), [grants and donations]({{site.url}}/grants), Workshops and Instructor Training fees, sponsorships, and individual donations. These income streams support the work of the Core Team, workshop & lesson infrastructure, CarpentryCon, and our continued work towards The Carpentries mission. The Carpentries [Annual Financial Reports]({{site.url/reports}}) provide more detailed information about our annual income and expenditures.
```

> Read more about becoming a [Sponsor Organisation]({{site.url}}/sponsorship). You can also <a href="{{site.fundraising_link}}">donate to The Carpentries</a> using our online portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individuals and organisations are welcome to <a href="{{site.fundraising_link}}">donate to The Carpentries</a> using the online portal. Organisations interested in supporting The Carpentries are also encouraged to read about becoming a [Sponsor Organisation]({{site.url}}/sponsorship).
```
